== Playpal ==

=== Description ===
Play! framework adaptation of the drupal CMS

=== How to run ===
To run the application you first need to build the CMS core module.
<code>play build-module custom/cmscore</code>

And any other custom modules you might like to build or include.
<code>play build-module custom/test-custom #optional</code>

After this you need to sync the dependencies of the application.
<code>play deps --sync</code>

Start your application.
<code>play run</code>

=== How to access ===

==== Patterns ====
Leaves are available undecorated with the following pattern:<br/>
<code>http://localhost:9000/leaf/{uuid}</code>

Accessing a specific version of a leaf would be the following pattern:<br/>
<code>http://localhost:9000/leaf/{uuid}/{version}</code>

Fully decorated pages are available with the following pattern:<br/>
<code>http://localhost:9000/{uuid}</code>

And similarly you can access a specific version by the following pattern:<br/>
<code>http://localhost:9000/{uuid}/{version}</code>

==== Examples ====
A couple of examples from the default data is:<br/>
:: Leaf 1 - [http://localhost:9000/leaf/aa1755dd-18c4-4b78-956e-eef7e562c36c]<br/>
:: Leaf 3 - [http://localhost:9000/leaf/1cf699a7-a0c4-4be0-855f-466042a36a8d]<br/>


Accessing the same leaves but other versions would be:<br/>
:: Leaf 1 - [http://localhost:9000/leaf/aa1755dd-18c4-4b78-956e-eef7e562c36c/2]<br/>
:: Leaf 3 - [http://localhost:9000/leaf/1cf699a7-a0c4-4be0-855f-466042a36a8d/3]<br/>


Accessing the same leaves but as decorated full pages:<br/>
:: Page 1 - [http://localhost:9000/aa1755dd-18c4-4b78-956e-eef7e562c36c]<br/>
:: Page 3 - [http://localhost:9000/1cf699a7-a0c4-4be0-855f-466042a36a8d]<br/>


Accessing the same decorated pages but other versions:<br/>
:: Page 1 - [http://localhost:9000/aa1755dd-18c4-4b78-956e-eef7e562c36c/2]<br/>
:: Page 3 - [http://localhost:9000/1cf699a7-a0c4-4be0-855f-466042a36a8d/3]<br/>


There is a start page set in the system settings, in the example data it is pointed at Leaf A listed above. It can be accessed at:<br/>
:: [http://localhost:9000/]<br/>

There is also a 404 page set in settings, it will be shown any time a page is not found or by accessing it by:<br/>
:: [http://localhost:9000/page-not-found] - This is an alias, explained below.
: or
:: [http://localhost:9000/c9615819-0556-4e70-b6a9-a66c5b8d4c1a]<br/>

==== Aliases ====
There are also aliases, they can have any path, for example:<br/>
:: Page 3 [http://localhost:9000/third]<br/>
:: Page 4 [http://localhost:9000/fourth]<br/>
:: Page 5 [http://localhost:9000/fifth]<br/>

=== How to test ===

To test the CMS core module you run autotest on a separate application bundled with the application.<br/>
<code>play autotest custom/cmscore-test</code>

To test the application itself you only need run autotest.<br/>
<code>play autotest</code>

=== How to contribute ===
Please contact one of the developers and we will gladly let any qualified developer contribute to the project.